DOCS-10186 (#28165)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/software_catalog/set_up/_index.md

---
title: Set Up Software Catalog
aliases:
  - /tracing/software_catalog/setup
  - /software_catalog/setup
  - /tracing/service_catalog/setup
  - /service_catalog/setup
---

Get started with Software Catalog with one of the following set-up paths.

## New to Datadog 

{{< whatsnext desc=" " >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/new_to_datadog#build-your-first-software-catalog" >}}Build your first Software Catalog{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/new_to_datadog#import-entries-from-backstage" >}}Import Entries from Backstage{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/new_to_datadog#import-entries-from-servicenow" >}}Import Entries from ServiceNow{{< /nextlink >}}
{{< /whatsnext >}}

## Existing Datadog user

{{< whatsnext desc=" " >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/existing_datadog_customer#apm-usm-rum-users" >}}APM, USM, and RUM Users{{< /nextlink >}}
>     {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/existing_datadog_customer#infrastructure-and-logs-users" >}}Infrastructure and Logs Users{{< /nextlink >}}

Author: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/existing_datadog_user#automatic-discovery-with-apm-usm-and-rum" >}}APM, USM, and RUM Users{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/software_catalog/set_up/existing_datadog_user#discover-infrastructure-and-logs-services" >}}Infrastructure and Logs Users{{< /nextlink >}}
```
